- [Kevin] Today's most successful digital platforms
are architected with APIs
that expose core business capabilities
for internal and external developers
that build new applications at scale.
Well-crafted APIs are more widely adopted
by the developer community,
giving their creators a competitive advantage
in terms of innovation and new products.
The key to developing successful APIs is using tools
like Swagger to create better designs
and documentation so that it is effortless
for developers to use the API.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've been a full stack developer
for over 10 years,
and I have seen how Swagger can build higher-quality APIs
that gain adoption.
Swagger helps you design, build,
and document your APIs using a design-first approach
so that web, mobile,
and third-party applications can quickly integrate
and consume their core capabilities and data.
In this course, I'll show you how to build API definitions
with the OpenAPI Specification
that accelerate delivery of APIs
through generated documentation, client SDKs,
server stubs, and API server virtualization.
We'll use Swagger's open source tools
to master key sections of the OpenAPI Specification.
Then we will advance to SwaggerHub
and learn how its team collaboration tools streamline
the API development lifecycle.
To cap off the course,
we'll complete a project that uses an API definition file
to rapidly establish an API-based solution
that spans multiple languages, frameworks,
and cloud-based services.
So if you are ready to build better APIs
with higher adoption, then let's get started.